Intersticial000

PROLOGUE

	He shook his head and stars fell from his antlers. One of his
legs extended and bent at the knee, the other leg curled underneath
himself, supporting him; one arm with its elbow locked and supporting
him, the other resting atop his knee. 
	He stared through green clouds, impossibly shifting lines, swirls 
of moving light. 

	He was serene, composed, and eternal. 

	His opposite sat (fitingly) across from him. His shimmering throne
supporting his gargantuan frame. His skin red and glistening with nebulas
and galaxies. He pulled on his pipe. Its cherry glowing; shades of purple
and burgundies as he drank from his cup their shared realm filled with 
music that to our mortal and human ears would seem like the crash of ocean
waves, the paper wingbeats of birds, the echoing laughter of a stadium of
children. 

	"Shall we play another?" the latter asked the former. "You almost 
won the last one didn't you?" the former replied in calm repose. "Hmph."
replied the red-skinned one,"The same initials as the last?" "As you 
wish." And then the one with thin strands of etheral gossamer threaded
through his horns extended an appendage, he cast his net across the 
playing area and with a flash of light it jerked and spread taut between
them. The nets jewels sparkled and flashed through the darkness.

	Time, matter, structure, energy, coherence, expressive chaos, implied
entropy; the dialectic of bipolarity and its infinite gradations subtle and
gross the preliminary playthings of the two God_Monsters.

K'bah-lin; The Antlered
K'bah-lin; the One that Moves in Radiant Splendour Between Spaces and is
Beyond Time. 
K'bah-lin; The Great Architect, Builder, and Master Technician moved first. 

He created innumerable helper-agents; each a node, each an object, each one 
his tool & instrument and with a flourish assigned them. 

Vlankoor Tuh hHat; He That Laughs Alone in the Darkness
Vlankoor Tuh hHat; The Fractured, The Hobbled, The Hairy
Vlankoor Tuh hHat; The Red One responded. He did he create a large pile 
of his own. He divided this pile into many smaller piles at regular
intervals on his side. The he walked along, kicking each of them
across the Game in large, arcing, billows of Dust.
	
	Then did K'bah-lin clap all of his hands and they sat atop their 
mounts. For an intermable measure they each stared into it as it moved
in and indescribable manner that they each found delight in. 

	Some of the swarms of dust formed into stellar nurseries spitting stars
some formed into swirling or barred galaxies, some coalesced into planets.
There were supernovas, and gaping holes that sunk into the net threatening
to tear and rip. 

	More time passed and the two of them were lost in the Contemplation,
each stoically gazing; drowsy and droopy-lided.

	The Agents of the Radiant Splendour set and held most of the celestial 
objects in their place, but Vlankoor Tuh hHat exerted his will (nothing is
to be still, nothing in its final place) and probed for the neglected.
	
	"Your concentration wanes very soon."

	The Horned God-Monster motioned to one of his attendants.The 
supernumerary glided forward with a giant chest of drawers. He opened,
spread, and expanded it out before his Master, his supernal.

	It took many ages for this process to finish and at the end of these
countless _kalpas_ K'bah-lin picked up a different artifact in each of his 
ten billion hands. He moved across the net and would occasionally hover over
a chosen globe of rock or gas or plasma. The most promising were within a 
set distance of star, but not always. Vlankoor Tuh hHat followed behind,
sometimes close and sometimes he would pause and wait far behind. But, he
always had the same purpose, always with his fiery third eye of destruction,
his third eye --chain-burning, cluster-reaping, enveloping & collapsing.

	"Lordap! Lordap is done and you have only a single globe remaining! No
chance! No chance!" shouted the Red and laughed in the direction of his
supporting retinue of 5 billion. "So you say." responded the Blue and he
stood up like a spreading fan and collapsed like a waterfall.

	Vlankoor Tuh hHat cowered.
	Vlankoor Tuh hHat shivered.
	Vlankoor Tuh hHat laughed. 

	He laughed because the best part (well, second best part hopefully)
was now starting. He laughed and clapped his hands. Oozing chthonicities
smeared upwards from the ground, then they hardened, and then they
exploded into an innumberable arrary of trinkets, baubles, glyphs, runes,
signs...game pieces. 

	Vlankoor Tuh hHat giggled.

Vlankoor Tuh hHat giggled as the elder (but not the Eldest) made the 
crystaline ceiling vaulting over their heads shatter into innumberable
shards, symbols, letters, musical notes, colors...game pieces. 

And now came The Stillness into The Gathering into The Quickening. 

The assembled quivered and shimmered and phased into and out of. 
On and off, on and off they blinked in anticipation. 

Fridanfh unrustled her tails and moved a small portion of her sensors
towards them and began to analyze and deconstruct from afar. She 
was mostly disinterested, but still. She broke off a piece of herself 
and then five others sending them into the All-Directions.


(to be continued)
